what are people it's meat reason I three
and I'm back with another video and this
video I came to talk to you about Baby
Lips I don't know if my cameras focusing
right now but we're just gonna act like
it is okay but this is the new chef
stick by Maybelline is they actually
have six different colors too that are
like playing chapstick and then before
them are tinted and I picked up one and
this is the chart mean and it is a red
tint looks like this oh that's focusing
looks like this and honestly I bought it
because commercial look they're really
cool and I am the chapstick I'm using
car mats for ever now and I just have to
try something new so alright nothing on
my lips right now so I'm just gonna show
you how Jeremy gets off a red tint so
looking in the mirror too so so you'll
put it on it's like it gives you a
glossy texture to it and it gives you
like a red kind of hue to your lips and
I love that there's like we don't want
all that sticks I'm really scared of red
lipstick but this gives you like a rosy
tint to your lips and I love it I have
been using Carmack's
lip balm for doing this and just like a
better - like I love mother makes me
have to say but I felt like I needed
something new but this an affair - they
both are scented there's no strawberries
not sure of course but this one goes on
clear and about the car makes the car
makes the moments like more tacky and it
sticks on your lip a little like more
and it's not like it doesn't know what
like a glossy Sheen like maybe
maybe those two but overall I love I
like the Baby Lips so far so far it does
say that it takes like four weeks if you
just see like real baby lips but so far
like it is
I like the 10th of it I do want to pick
up the pink punch once that it looks but
I do overall like a sense of it it does
say that you will instantly see it looks
looking quenched and you really do it
instantly makes your lips look softer
more shiny more kissable but overall I
will be getting another one
I advise y'all to pick up one because
the water is going to they'll head
discolor and the two share ones left so
everybody I think much ever I have to
LePage whenever that's broken so onesies
or pick one up and see you later